# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## February 18, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on February 18, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Muhammad Z Khan.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor + Group

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Yash Shah  
Luke  
Haaris Waleh  
Ivan Robles 
Chad

## Agenda
Give updates to Chad on MVP progress
Discuss next steps for next sprint

## General Notes
**Mentor Discussion**
- Where we are with sprint 2
  - Dev nearly done
  - finalizing decisions based on design
    - combination of blue and green
    - research fonts
    - no dropdown menu
    - three core buttons
      - instructions
      - analytics
      - task
  - Luke working on setting up eslint
- Going forward
  - need to pick priorities
  - we CAN use libraries, but need a good reason
  - solidify git flow
  - Would need to have some mobile support
- On grading
  - partial aesthetics
  
**Post-Mentor Discussion**
- What to do going forward
  - first layout html/css semantics for next sprint
    - task list window, etc
  - finalize PR reviews
  - get everything done before the weekend

## Stand-up Notes

### Muhammad Z Khan 
**What you had been doing:** Worked on timer display JavaScript Functionality  
**What you will do next:** Test all of the respective code using Jest and JSDOM, and document ADRs  
**Obstacles:** None  

###  James Zhao
**What you had been doing:** Worked on implementing the web component for timer container  
**What you will do next:** Test the web component using Jest and JSDom  
**Obstacles:**  None

### Ivan Robles
**What you had been doing:** Coming up with a more modern design for the app  
**What you will do next:** Tweaking the CSS and trying to decide on a color theme  
**Obstacles:** Make everyone agree on a specific color theme

### Yash Shah
**What you had been doing:** Worked on coming up with a color theme for the app  
**What you will do next:**  Implement task list functionality in HTML and CSS for dev to start working on early for next sprint  
**Obstacles:** None  

### Haaris Waleh
**What you had been doing:** Writing down the source code for Notifications  
**What you will do next:**  Testing if Notifications work properly  
**Obstacles:** Finding a working solution to test notifications

### Xavier
**What you had been doing:** Helping the design team to come up with potential themes  
**What you will do next:**  Supervise over the team members and help wherever need be  
**Obstacles:** None

### Luke
**What you had been doing:** Set up the hosting platform for the app and review PRs to be merged into `main`  
**What you will do next:** Remove `docs` directory from `main` and move it somewhere else so that `main` is not cluttered with excessive JSDoc documentation  
**Obstacles:** Coming up with a git flow that works for the team


## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Complete assigned components before end of sprint 1 | 11:59 pm, February 21, 2021 |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 4:00 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: James Zhao
